Document kubelet image credential provider extension concept (#41330)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/_index.md

[Network Plugins](/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/compute-storage-net/network-plugins/)
allow Kubernetes to work with different networking topologies and technologies.

### Kubelet image credential provider plugins

> 
> Kubelet image credential providers are plugins for the kubelet to dynamically retrieve image registry
> credentials. The credentials are then used when pulling images from any container image registries.
> The feature was made generally available (GA) in Kubernetes v1.26.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

{{< feature-state for_k8s_version="v1.26" state="stable" >}}

Kubelet image credential providers are plugins for the kubelet to dynamically retrieve image registry
credentials. The credentials are then used when pulling images from container image registries that
match the configuration.

```

Author: Done. Thanks for the suggestion @sftim

[Network Plugins](/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/compute-storage-net/network-plugins/)
allow Kubernetes to work with different networking topologies and technologies.

### kubelet image credential provider extension

The kubelet image credential provider extension is a plugin framework that allows the kubelet to dynamically

> fetch credentials for pulling container images from any container image registry using external plugins.

Reviewer 2: Please avoid long sentences like this.
This sentence is difficult to parse. Is the external plugins used for pulling images or is it used for fetching credentials?

Author: You're right. Sorry.

> The kubelet image credential provider extension is a feature that allows the kubelet to dynamically fetch
> credentials for any container image registry using plugins. It was made generally available (GA) in
> Kubernetes v1.26.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The kubelet image credential providers are plugins for the kubelet to dynamically
retrieve image registry credentials. The credentials are then used when pulling images
from any container image registries. The feature was made generally available
(GA) in Kubernetes v1.26.
```
